_- Don Tiger - _

Head of the Panzer
Located in Compass Shade

Bio:
  Tiger is a very impulsive man, who has a very stingy tongue, even infront of women.
He easily gets agitated or angry and is not afraid to show it. That is because he
is cursed - cursed with immortality... At least some view it like that - for many,
immortality is a gift. And God knows how many wicked minds are trying to achieve it
in this current moment. You don't want to fight Tiger. The more you decapitate and
mutilate his body, the more aggresive and maniacal he becomes. Though, in a throne
room meeting, his mouth talked too much, which gifted him a personal knuckle hit to
the head by Spikes - that was the only time he showed restraint to his berserking intentions.
In his early life, before he took over all of Compass Shade, he always moved forward
to his problems. Never turning back. Never. He steam rolled it all. Head first, legs last.
He never cared or strategized. He always improvised. He formed his own mob group, but
took the world with his own hands. His mobster family was very chaotic and had no rules set.
Their boss was continuously on the move to take new territory and was never supervising his
family's actions. That ofcourse in it itself is a big problem, but Tiger simply didn't care.
In the end he achieved what he wanted and did the most stupid thing a man could do: Unite
all countries, lands, seas in Compass Shade, under one giant label - Panzer. That made
everything in chaos. Tiger himself was fine, but his mobsters who were now part of this
Panzer and everyone in it - were in chaos and disorder. That is when Tulio came to him
and offered him a perfect pyramid of power and responsibilities. After applying it with
some doubt, he saw no more chaos, or disorder. Everything was stable - in such a tremendous
organization. I mean - who is even sane to turn a whole world into an organization?
Of course, there were many traitors, but there were divisions and so forth - things that show
how worthy you are. So you can easily say - if you are in the lowest division, you are very
untrustworthy and as such, will have zero privileges and if anything - suffer penalties.
The system Tulio made is phenomenal. It is very complex - featuring inner rings, outer rings,
divisions and whatnot. Tiger and his former gang is on the top. Tiger also became a pupil of
Tulio to follow in his steps to how to properly manage an organization, similar to some degree
to Mano Di Morde. Tiger finally had corrected his mistake and everyone from Panzer had a role to
play. No longer was nobody supervising. No longer was there no casualties and punishments for
misbehaviour. No longer was there no rules set. Panzer was, a tremendously powerful thing now.
And Tiger - even more dangerous than before. He was never a factor, while everyone else were.
