_- Don Jazma -_

King of the Sea
Located in Vatican Sea of Delfia

Bio:
  Jazma, a blond haired sailor, in the Vatican Sea of Delfia, was the most notorious pirate hunter that world had come to known.
 He spent almost all of his life at sea - be it in a small boat, a big ship, or a barrel.
 The Marines desperately wanted to recruit him, to boost their prestige and effectiveness, but he respectfully declined each
 and every time. He and his crew were never challenged to their full power, no matter the pirates, their numbers or ships.
 As long as they shared the same horizon, as long as their paths crossed with Pirate-Hunter Jazma's ship - they'd lose, one way
 or another.
 Many people wanted to be part of his fancy team, especially from Velir Islands. He had a lot of time to think who the best
 candidates would be.
 Skipping across some years, a terrible pirate had conquered all parts of Delfia's Vatican Sea. Every Island, border, every post,
 base - all of it!
 The Marine's Headquarters was turned to ruins. Words had no meaning. Everyone knew that they were a disgrace, without the need
 to speak about it. It was dark and lonely. All hope had been lost. Jazma's whereabouts were unknown at that time
 and was nowhere to be found. Some whispered that he had fled the sea, other's that he was killed in a heroic duel against 
 the pirate who crowned himself "King of The Sea", but neither of those were the truth. He came down out of nowhere.
 His ship was the same. Everything about him and his crew was the same, with only one exception: Their flag was different.
 Their flag spelled the name "Mano Di Morde". Jazma did a miracle that day - in 2 days he had restored peace and prosperity to
 the sea he loved. Nobody can explain how he was at one side of Delfia's Vatican Sea and the next 7 hours he was at the other.
 Conspiracies were little, many already knew how legendary Jazma's crew and himself were. But maybe, just maybe, he had made
 a deal with some witch, to give him a steady wind. It's impossible to cover so much ground in such little time. But who am I to 
 say? That's just one of the little conspiracy theories I've heard about Jazma. Personally for me - I believe he did it. How?
 Well, he is powerful. I still don't understand why he changed his flag though. After what had happened, Captain and legendary
 Pirate-Hunter Jazma was bestowed with the title "King of the sea" by the will of the people. There would no longer be a
 Marine HQ. There would be a Pirate-Hunting one instead. A revolution had sparked - a beautiful one. It was the beginning of
 a golden age for Delfia's Vatican Sea.
 
 
