In the newly conquered land, Terraria, a big meeting was taking place.
The room was filled with dons from all around the world. One of which was Don Toon. 
He sat on his chair next to the other dons. 
Next to him was Don Futon and on his other side was Don Fruzier. He shook hands with both of them.
The room was very large. The walls were burgundy. There were two big windows, both with the size
of a double door. One was above the main entrance to the room, facing the second one on the far end
of the room. They were covered by curtains, made of soft Saffiano leather. In one of the angles of the
room, was a small wooden door, for the work force -> waitresses, maids, stonemen, engineers etc incase anything goes
wary.
There was another door located in another angle, leading to a hall which leads to a private bedroom.
In the center of the room was a table. It was circular, large enough to host 20 people. There were chairs put around it, in close proximity to one another. The chairs were brown, each one made with custom design to fit a specific Don perfectly.
They had shoulders which allowed you to rest your hands on. 
They had four feet, and a tall back, resembling that of a throne, but no matter who you were, when all dons took their appropriate seats, they were all sharing the same length from their head to the highest point of the chair's back, as well as other properties. 
That way - they were all equal, and no man's chair was bigger than himself or his own presence. 
The back had a medium rectangular engraved at the center, sharing the same burgundy color as the walls. 
In that same shape, the logo of the corresponding Don was painted.  The colors they were painted in were different, as every don had a voice on the matter, but they all went well with the background color.
The lighting was royal and exquisite, as well as many other things in the room. From the carpet, and big paintings put on the wall, to the small souvenirs, gadgets and tables.
It was very lively in the room. You could hear laughs and jokes being thrown all around it. Many were laughing and had a warm and welcoming expression.
Others were taking this quite seriously and were talking about business or over-thinking things, such as how to approach the Godfather, how to explain this etc.
But something happened in that room. All of the dons except 1 were in it and Tulio had yet to come.
The doors opened, gently, each one pushed by a silhouette-like figure. They had resembling looks. They looked like
very bulky and tough human beings. Behind them was another figure, its presence radiating immense power and intimidation.
The man behind the 2 figures was tall, stylish, charming, yet his intimidation covered all of his charm.
Everyone stopped chattering, Toon was confused - who was he, why did everyone stop talking?
He also saw another detail, none were looking at the man behind the 2 figures, they were either minding their own business or looking around him. Fruzier gently tapped Toon on his hand, signaling him to mimic what the others were doing.
The man started walking like a prince towards his chair - it was one of the front chairs to the table, located straight from the main entrance, from where he had come.
It was facing a chair located to the far end of the table, which was Tulio's.
The 2 figures walked by his side, in a triangle shape. When the man was next to his chair, they went up infront, dragging the chair to help the man sit. He sat as if he fell on the ground, making a slight noise.
His pose was that of a Godfather - cocky, powerful, intimidating - his hands were layed up infront of the table.
He did not look at anyone while entering and even after sitting on the table - he just looked forward and then when he sat, he narrowed his eyes down to the table infront of him. You would not want to look in his eyes. Compared to anything you've felt when near this man, its nothing compared to starring him in his eyes - into his soul.
Toon got irritated that the man stopped the good mood in this room, and now everyone was acting as if at a funeral, so he decided to give him a gaze. Instantly one of the silhouette figures, eyes glowing blue, looked intimidatingly at Toon, levitating his chair into the air, along with the whole table. Toon wasn't hurt, but while he was in the air, his thoughts and mind almost went blank. He could tell the shadow was no show off and if it wanted to, it could damage him quite seriously. Anything that was levitated, radiated a slight blue aura around it. The chair was 1 meter up while the table was just 0.2.
Other small items in the room also levitated. 4 of the dons stood up from their seats and started rambling about how this is wrong.
Fruzier could not take it so he looked at the mysterious Don who caused all this commotion, telling him that such behaviour is unnaceptable!
Instantly the second silhouette who was by the Don's side turned its attention towards Fruzier, its eyes glowed red and instantenously - Fruzier was found slammed on the wall behind him, his chair broken in two. Infront of him was the silhouette, whose fist was pummeling Fruzier's cheek to the wall.
4 other dons stood up and started protesting about the actions of the second silhouette.
Before the situation got more hectic, the mysterious Don rose his hand off the levitating table. Suddenly all of the arguing stopped, the silhouettes stopped what they were doing, while the waitress who was next to the back entrance was waiting for this moment to change the broken chair.
The Mysterious Don muttered:
- Leave us.
Both of the silhouettes turned their attention to the Don, nodded and exited the room, while everyone else took their seats and hushed.
The Don dropped his hand, his eyes ever so fixiated on the table infront of him.
Toon was unfazed throughout all these events - he wasn't hurt, but when he was in the air, his thoughts and mind almost went blank.
He now understood that the man sitting there had immense power and started asking question he shouldn't ask.
"Why isn't he the Godfather?", " Why doesn't he rebel?".
He turned to Futon, twisting his neck towards his ear, asking him quietly about the man's name.
Don Futon about to answer, turned towards Toon, when the doors opened yet again.
It was none other than the Godfather himself.
- Ah, Don Spikes! I see you've made quite the commotion as usual! - he said laughingly, while walking slowly towards 
the end of the room to where his seat was.
Tulio rarely spoke names with their titles, but Don Spikes was one of the exceptions.
Don Twinx who was seated at the edge of the room joined the discussion, with an irritated face.
- You should discipline those gorillas and teach them some manners, Spikes. - she spat his name with disgust.
- Twinx. - said Don Spikes with a calm and even voice.
- ..Do you want me to kill you?  - while saying that, his gaze finally and slowly lifted from the table, locking on the exquisite woman's face.
Just when Spikes looked her, a wind blew at Twinx's face, playing with her hair. Was that caused by his gaze or was it something else? All the windows were locked.
She gritted her teeth and decided not to continue with the topic.
Tulio's face bursted out some more laughs.
- Now.. - said the Godfather, tapping the table with both hands after taking his seat with the help of a servant in the house.
- Let us begin.



