                 |_- Tulio Benderoza - _|

|_ -! Godfather - Chairman of the Mano di Morde family !- _|


Bio:
  During his childhood, Tulio Benderoza was no good. He had developed
 very dark human thinking, studying the most advanced books about
 behaviour patterns and body language. He was the grand puppeteer.
 He made many gangs to serve his doing, but it was for sports and 
 they were all temporary. One day he met a man whom he could not
 manipulate or change. His name was Mano. He was a super optimistic
 man with weird ideals. Tulio continuously tried to somehow gain some
 profits here and there - to make him do favors. Mano saw through it all,
 to such extent, that the two at some point became close friends.
 Mano was joking about how Tulio tried to force him buy an ice cream etc.
 Tulio was always lonely and angry at the world, but Mano was his light.
 Mano did not know that Tulio was an orphan, but he offered him to make
 a special kind of family, a family anyone would dream to have. With
 Tulio's abilities, Mano saw that such feast was possible. Tulio, who
 was deep in the con artist stuff knew that, but he never thought about
 starting a mafia family, a special one, with special rules - not just 
 mafia, but a true bloodline family. And from that childish idea - the
 family "Mano di Morde" was born. Tulio acts tough and over-the edge, but
 in his shelters, he is weak and worried - the family grew larger than
 he had expected. He is afraid he will lose control of it any minute, especially
 if he shows some weakness. None would dream that the Tulio they now see is a 
 man made by the real Tulio Benderoza - a trickster, con artist, manipulator.
 During only 9 years of age he had people bend the knee and kiss his
 hand. You can imagine the knowledge he now possesses - maybe that's why
 he is still under control of Mano di Morde. Mano is always there for
 Tulio and Tulio knows Mano is the only one who knows his secrets...
 You can't blame him... such is the life of a con artist, a puppeteer.
