_- Don Daarzu - _

Creator of the Quarzits
Located in Hallow of Mists

Bio:
  Born from the souls of a tremendous amount of slain warriors and knights, part of a war that took everything
 away with it, including the land that was fought on. No grass, no houses, no water, not even proper
 terrain. The land was now filled with canyons and abysms. It became hollow, compared to what it had before - 
 tons of food, nature, clean and blissful sky with the sun shining above the farmers and their crops.
 The entity born from these souls had a human appearance, but in its core, was nothing close.
 It's skin - gray, eyes white-blue. It was always wearing a transparent white dress, from a very fin material,
 which could easily be damaged. The entity despised wars, it did not wish to live, it was confused why it was
 born... what or who gave life to it. For what purpose? Questions continued to storm into its head, and slowly
 it became mad, contradicting its own thoughts and values. After many years, for some reasons the land was now
 covered into a very dense and thick mist. There came a time, when Tulio and members of his family came to this
 land to conquer it and were left speechless. The land they had intel about, the land they knew, all gone and
 turned to... this. One of his companions reported having heard someone crying. After further investigation,
 they soon came into contact with the Entity. It had filled a deep abysm with its tears. The entity had many
 specialities. It felt lonely, so it removed a soul from itself to create creatures... to create friends.
 These friends attacked Tulio's company and one of his dons had to retreat. The Don was greatly wounded.
 The Entity never liked war, ever since it was born into this world, so it could also scream. Scream
 in such a way, that everyone could lose their power, that everyone would become equal. That made it
 impossible to use brute force. So, Tulio alone approached the crying Entity, while the creatures stood still,
 waiting for something - or maybe the Entity wished it to be so? We don't know what Tulio told to it, except
 that he gave it a name, and gave it a reason to live. It no longer had conflicting thoughts. It had a clear
 mind, a clear motive. It slowly regained sanity over the years... It was named "Daarzu, the Hollow".
