_- Don Pekalda -_

Most Notorious Criminal in La-Viza

Bio:
  Pekalda grew from nothing to something. In the city of the dark - Grimstone, in the dark alleys and shady streets,
 from the smelly and wastelandish canals and sewers, he started his recruitment. He looked for men given up on life,
 men who had nothing to lose, men like him. A human can go to many lengths when pushed by hunger and society.
 Unlike other mobsters running wild in the vast La-Viza - a network of interconnected Steampunk cities, Pekalda did not
 bank on the idea that number equals power. His staff were small in number, but did what they were tasked with dealing.
 He and his brethren managed to make a living off the organized crimes they made. Rarely did they do something themselves.
 It was either all for one, or themselves. Many many years passed when Pekalda was reffered by many as the Most Notorious
 Criminal ever lived. He has shown both brutality, ruthlessness and compassion. Some of his plans were so smoothly crafted,
 that they involved no casualties or violence, only fear-mongering.
 How did it happen so that all through La-Viza, in people's homes in their television, outside the comforting illuminated houses
 in dark shady streets where mobsters and nobodies collide, he was named under such allias, is entirely different and long story.
 The notorious and also infamous mobster wanted to expand. He wanted insurance. He knew this "title" of his would bring only
 trouble. He somehow learned of a very big organization, so big that it shadowed several worlds. That was a very hard point in
 Pekalda's life. His discovery of several different worlds made him fall in depression and anger. He was angry that his world
 point had been so tiny. He was angry at how delluded his bubble was. How pink and simple it was. There were thousands worlds
 out there and he did not even for a second thought they existed. Such a thing he could not accept! To not know these worlds, to
 not be part of them.... so he found a way to contact someone of Mano Di Morde - the organization in question.
 It was not long for him to gain the title of a Don and share a seat with others equal to his standard.
 A big pleasantly rounded man in his 40's, who almost always wore a fedora hat on his head and always seen with something in his 
 mouth - be it a cigarette or a lollipop - that is Don Pekalda.
