_- Don Galdir -_

Protector of the Vivian plane

Bio:
  Galdir is a young kid, but don't let that fool you. He has silver hair, smooth skin - almost as if he was
 born to be the opposite sex - no man at his age, looked as beautiful as him. This kid, in the place he
 had lived, he was like a romaer, a tourist. He had disconnected from all the world's worries and the
 people's problems. He did not care for fame, fortune, money or power. He already had all he wanted -
 the most precious treasure, life. Everday was a new beginning for him. Everyday he traveled to new
 places, experienced life. He traveled alone. He never needed anyone else, other than his beloved 
 companion, or rather friend - Tyrax, his fully-grown dragon. The boy could control this dragon, by moving his
 hands and doing certain poses with the help of his feet. He was tremendously powerful, the dragon,
 while the boy - almost a prodigy in his art. Tulio lost an arm to his surprise, when the boy seemlessy
 extended his right hand like a spear. Tulio was caught off guard - out of nowhere flame bursted at him.
 And that's how he lost an arm. He was forced to retreat. Tulio encountered Galdir by mere luck. He had
 already dealt with the world around the boy and assigned overlords to it, who bend the knees. Surprised
 by his power, Tulio thought a woman is best to persuade the boy into somehow becoming an ally of him.
 He didn't really care if Galdir joined, or if the plan of recruiting him by sending Twinx failed,
 because the boy himelf was not one to meddle with politics. He only wished to explore and experience life.
 Nobody knows what Twinx said to the boy, but after meeting with him, the boy accepted to be protector of
 the Vivian plane, his homeland. And so, any uninvited guests would sooner or later have their trip on hold,
 facing the prodigal Galdir, the Dragon bender. An athletical, quick and well-mannered boy, who can defend
 himself pretty well, even without the help of the dragon. His martial arts are never seen before. The most
 fearful thing about his fighting style, is that he blocks very well where its expected to block, while
 making hits seemingly out of nowhere. Oh and a word of advice - Tyrax is twice the size of a normal dragon.
